MSBuild Upgrade: netstandard2.0 -> net6.0 (#6148)
dotnet/msbuild: src/Framework/README.md

The items in this namespace are primarily base-level classes and interfaces shared across MSBuild's object model.  MSBuild task or extension developers can reference this package to implement interfaces such as
[`ITask`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.build.framework.itask), and [`ILogger`](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.build.framework.ilogger).

### netstandard2.0 target

> The `netstandard2.0` target of this build is configured only to output ref assemblies, we do not ship the implementation assemblies. Please use the net6.0-targeted assemblies for .NET Core 6+ scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `netstandard2.0` target of this build is configured only to output reference assemblies; at runtime MSBuild will be `net6.0` or `net472`. Please use the `net6.0`-targeted assemblies for .NET Core 6+ scenarios.
```
